and some weird Richard and Sal yesterday
went out to fashion it's fashion week in
New York this is where a lot of the
fashion designers every year get
together and they show off their new
fashions and they were just kind of
randomly interviewing people on the
street and there's so much anti-semitism
so much anti-jewish stuff going on out
there this fashion we had nothing to do
with Jews and it's it's remarkable I
think it's funny that Ron Jaworski has
to apologize for using the word shit
when you got so many you know mutants
out there who really don't need an
apology for anything they're all we
concentrate on they're ridiculous no way
to get it clear that this is a while I
have Jewish friends too who were
incredibly naive because they've grown
up in Jewish neighborhoods and I say to
them you don't even know what's out
there do you I said think oh no no no
that's the thing in the past
the anti-semitism hey you got to hear
this
alright it's the greatest who has better
fashion sense the Jews or the Mexicans
the Mexican why not the Jews they bad
people what makes the juice so bad
look what they did to us they bombed us
the Jews bombed us from Athens what race
of people have the worst fashion sense
the Jews who's more fashionable to you
Paris Hilton or Howard Stern Paris
Hilton I don't like how is that he
disgust me
what are you find disgusting about it
it's a creep he looks like a creep nose
hair huge nose he looks like a week
right out front Fashion Week I don't
know right out there in Bryant Park yeah
that was a woman by the way
first I thought it was a gay man I know
what that was you would think someone
like her would enjoy my show yes to make
you throw look who's walking around
outside of Fashion Week are you excited
about Fashion Week yeah in your opinion
what celebrity has the best fashion
exactly there
Oh Jackie Gleason Wow yeah you know the
fat guy from The Honeymooners for those
of you who are young I can't anymore I
like The Honeymooners Jack cleaner I
know he's my fave it what did you like
about his fashion the comedian is his
legacy to the moon and you know like
keep making me laugh you think that'll
fit leur had good fashion sense yeah
he'll I knew he loved my grandfather
it's German I know I was Hill up but
even though he was cruel he was a nice
guy in person a nice guy he was like
totally my grandfather
it was nice my grandmother so you don't
have a problem with it no I don't but
it's not like was the way he treated
people you know people but otherwise
he's not a bad person
now you said Hitler had very good
fashion sense yes he did now do you
think he picked out nice fashionable
outfits for the prisoners in the
concentration camps that they look good
to their outfits yeah you think that
really John look I guess was kind of
cool the stripes you know whatever even
that hat the pillbox hat very Jackie
Onassis used to wear a pillbox hat
people were knocking that off all over
the place what was that hat Hitler
design in the in Auschwitz seriously
what it was like I need to see in a lot
of the pictures some of the prisoners
are wearing hats and I was like you know
Hitler what a caring guy he gave him a
hat so when they were working in the Sun
they wouldn't get a stroke or anything
you know Wow why would you make a head
for prisoner I don't know you didn't
feed them yeah I mean why why aha
like why even bother with pants when we
run naked I mean Hitler made a nice Airy
kind of pajama thing for the prisoners I
guess I never looked at it that way
really there's something wrong with this
person you know as a mentally capable
person but like what they know I doubt
that but otherwise I just didn't like
the way I would had to fill her head
with Hitler was a nice guy and had a
good fashion sense between people but
otherwise their person though even
though
he dressed some good you like that you
think Hitler even though he killed them
he dressed him nice they were
fashionably dressed he was nice it was
nice my grandmother and my grandfather
as well I can say that he was nice but
otherwise no but as far as fashion is
concerned he was right our grandparents
had a dentist listen it was a pretty
nice guy to us just so you know right
but they must have told her that he did
some bad things to other people right
fashion yeah so putting it aside
everything he did bad and your opinion
should Hitler be honored at Fashion Week
for his fashion sense yes yeah we're a
lot of interesting people right outside
of Fashion Week are you excited for
Fashion Week
well Risa people has the best fashion
sense why is it
guys the beautiful people they're humble
people not the Jews they don't believe
in God yeah they don't believe in the
Messiah I promise you they don't believe
in the Messiah they got more my lot of
Jews stuff just happening did he just
pull that up yeah yes he didn't suggest
this at all no he had it on his mind
most people then why did the Jews have
more money cuz I read they hold it order
from who from us they spend it on
fashion yeah who's the most fashionable
celebrity out now like Paris Hilton
because the Hilton Motel we find more
fashionable Howard Stern or Paris Hilton
is a pervert they don't care about life
what do you think about his fashion huh
what do you think about he looks evil
well the the gay people are getting it
to him but you wouldn't see him but I
I'm getting slammed from everybody which
way there is and you would think that
guy would like our show but now